Content edit for AC error page (#10913)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/errors.mdx

---
title: Error code details
description: For Apollo Client
---
import DisplayClientError from '../shared/DisplayClientError.js';

<DisplayClientError />

## What is this page?

> Beginning with version 3.8, Apollo Client _omits_ error messages from its core bundle to reduce its memory footprint. Instead, errors direct you to this page to view details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with version 3.8, Apollo Client _omits_ error messages from its core bundle to reduce its bundle size. Instead, errors direct you to this page to view details.
```

Following along with @phryneas's comment [here](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-client/pull/10913/files#r1205144363), this is a bundle size optimization.

In Apollo Client 3.8 and later, we are shipping the error messages separately to save bundle size. You can still load them manually, but this is an opt-in mechanism.
Beginning with version 3.8, Apollo Client _omits_ error messages from its core bundle to reduce its memory footprint. Instead, errors direct you to this page to view details.

### Opting in to error message inclusion
**If you prefer, you can add Apollo Client error messages to your app:**

You can call the `loadErrorMessages` function from `"@apollo/client/dev"` to
load error messages. Similarly, you can use `loadDevMessages` to import development-time console messages.

> ### Limiting error message inclusion to development builds

Author: Normally I'm _all about_ rich headings, but I _think_ this page feels better with one section to describe the entire "add error messages back" flow

```

- `loadDevMessages()` loads messages for errors that are raised _only in a development environment_.
- `loadErrorMessages()` loads messages for errors that are raised in _all_ environments.

You can call either or both of these methods on application load.

<blockquote>

> **Note:** The example above checks for the presence of the `__DEV__` variable and loads error messages only if it's present (indicating a dev environment). This can provide a helpful development experience while minimizing your memory footprint in production.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** The example above checks for the presence of the `__DEV__` variable and loads error messages only if it's present (indicating a dev environment). This can provide a helpful development experience while minimizing your bundle size in production.
```

This is more about bundle size than memory footprint - it reduces the shipped JavaScript by a few kilobytes.
